Amy we are having the best time trish
mcevoy is here it is the premiere of her
collection of cosmetics everything is
disappearing which is very exciting so
we have a more you are gonna love it so
here's I mean we're actually all were
through our regular scheduled items for
the show just so you know so now we're
moving into just like some little
specials that we had that were safe for
tomorrow but I'm glad you're here
tonight and we're going to start off
with an i set I was saying earlier
because this I pencil was part of the
kit that sold out so fast this is the
greatest I pencil I have ever used I kid
you not it's incredible so you get the
black eye pencil and then you get what
Trish calls an instant smokey I shall
show you how these both work
hand-in-hand together but if you want
your eyes to open up you want your eyes
to pop or you want that I love a smokey
eye personally and now I don't have to
go to as many trouble as much trouble to
try to get it right because it's one
little sweep and you have a smokey eye
right amazing now the first step to a
smokey eye is always to line now what
I'm doing is I am lifting up going in
between the lash but now really get
close and then very different than the
classic I am now taking my 24-hour and
going on to the waterline now look at
this on to the waterline so you see the
difference between the two lines oh
that's what you do step 2 are you guys
step 3 you take my vavavoom brush which
is so amazing right look at how I'm
putting the color onto the brush always
test for color and look this is how easy
it is your smoky are you ready yes look
at this
would you look at that look at this so
easy all you have to do you take this
brush and just work the color copy that
color it was solid color beautiful it's
gorgeous is a crystal look at this look
at that on the I oh that is so pretty
you guys will see it in a minute that is
so pretty here's a story we have a lot
of thousand of these $32 free shipping
and handling look at this you get both
products the 24 hour eyeshadow and liner
in that crystal gray and then you also
get the intense gel eyeliner pencil that
is just the most incredible I pencil I
can't wait for you girls to try it so
the 24 hour eyeshadow liners made italy
the gel liner is made in germany so this
is umbrella of the globe beautiful
quality products but the key let me show
you the tip here now look you start your
smoky eye at the base always go much
stronger and then go lighter do not go
further up then right here look at this
technique look at this brush and look
it's that easy so pretty and Bible easy
is that if you want the VaVaVoom brush
we're gonna put that item number also at
the bottom of the screen for you so that
you can order the brush if you would
like to it's for $32 you get both you're
getting both products the 24 hour
eyeshadow and liner in the crystal gray
color and then you're also getting the
intense gel eyeliner in the black but
again jump in now if you'd like to order
it there's about a thousand people that
can have this but Beauty a look at this
is it this you press in you see I'm
pressing the Volvo with vava voom and
then work it up and then take my finger
and smart easy yeah so fabulous nothing
complicated about the smoky eye and this
is 24-hour can you do me a favor college
sure can you try to rub off the color
that you have on the back of your hand
yeah Mon give it a big well come on want
me to give it a bigger up i mean i'm
yoann really going on there you're right
I'm telling you will not move wow that's
awesome that's also look at this look
how easy to see so your liner is gonna
stay put which is fabulous good luck if
you like shorter then look at this look
at this
amazing so pretty so pretty ok we have
Millie in New York joining us Millie
this is Colleen you are live on HSN with
trish mcevoy welcome haha lienhard fish
hi this is Millie Becker I've been a
client of Tricia since 1990 whoa how are
you I'm terrific Trish it's great to see
you on HSN I just want to say your
products are amazing i've been using
them I'm an executive many times I have
to go out from the office and exactly
what she says it's the absolute truth
your makeup stays on it doesn't go
anywhere the quality is just so high the
planners just the most amazing thing
Millie thank you so much for calling it
just means the world to me so many
people speak about you know the movie
stars that they've made up for me it's
you it's you you know you using my punch
thank you so much absolutely I'm just so
thrilled because now I can get them on
HSN right makes it available to more
women and it's just it's really the
products are amazing and the great thing
about Tricia also it's that she teaches
you how to do your makeup she really
teaches you and it is wonderful thank
you excellent Thank You Millie for
calling and for sharing we're so glad
that you've discovered the trishas part
of the HSN family I'm so happy about
that all of you I know you'll be a great
smash hit thank you your call means a
lot thank you take care of Millie bye
bye such a nice calming these are women
who have been with you or decades I mean
that says a lot and that's why if you're
new to trish mcevoy you get to
experience it for the first time what a
thrill if you're already a fan of her
products these are all exclusive offers
for example kidding these two items
together it's not something usually have
to buy them separately you get the free
shipping and handling so go for it if
you're tempted to call us you can see
there's a little clicker on the screen
here we only had about a thousand of
these will break down the value for you
real quick I'd love to have to send out
to you so again
essentially it is really you know for
$32 buy one get one right he is what you
are paying for the liner you get both
exactly look at this beautiful smoky eye
how easy is so pretty so pretty easy
easy do you being real close to her eyes
you guys that looks really really great
and took a second to do exactly and for
$32 you know this without these broad
it's hard to achieve that without the
right products I mean there you can see
will show you her before-and-after real
quickly so that you girls can see and I
just think you need the right eye pencil
I tell you how many I pencils I've tried
and I put it on and then I don't it just
disappears so it doesn't stay on focus
on a lot of eye shadow colors I always
say it's so important to what I focus on
the liner how you line your eye how you
get that perfect definition and with
these two products you get just that see
I'm learning as I'm watching you I'm
going to totally do that exact
application you did it was so easy it
looks so beautiful and so pretty and you
just all you see her eyes you're not
looking at her makeup you're right most
beautiful eyes is like movie star eyes I
love it easy to do effortless yes that's
the key could have produced if you guys
use Express ordering um over 400 haven't
spoken for with everybody on the phone
we have about 500 of these available I
would jump in you get both products
again HSN exclusive at in this package
like this and there's another example
and you can intensify the smokiness if
you want actually right it's very very
easy just apply a little more and work
it up look at the difference from one
eye to the other ooh and it's literally
two products that do this view the
intense I and the 24 hour absolutely
please get smoky because a lot of times
if you just do like eye shadow there it
doesn't stay it doesn't stay number one
and number
to to get it really like you got to get
very much the deepness and the depth
near the last night right I mean look at
how great that looks immaculate the
trick isn't it and without and by the
way do we have any of the brush left you
call that the ooh la la okay this Lala
brush size of the bomb behind